Scenario
John wants to register to the system in order to benefit of the car sharing. He accesses the web application and selects to register.
Once he filled in a form with all the information needed, he submits it.
After checking all the information, the system sends him the password to log in.
NAME: Registration
ACTORS: Unregistered user
PRECONDITION: None
EVENT FLOW: 
  -	An Unregistered user opens the application: he's prompted to the login page
  -	Clicks on the "Register" button
  -	He is asked personal information, including payment information
  -	If the registration is successful, he receives back the password to log into the system
POSTCONDITION: The Unregistered user becomes Registered user and can log into the system
EXCEPTION: 
  -	The registration fails because the Unregistered user didn’t fill in all necessary information
  -	The registration fails because some information is in conflict with another user
  -	The registration fails because payment information is incorrect


SCENARIO:
Jack is in front of the car he reserved. He wants to unlock it, so he opens the application and navigates to the "Unlock car" function.
As his GPS sensor is switched off, the system asks him to turn it on in order to check his position.
Once the system enables him, he clicks on the unlock button and the car opens.
NAME: 
  Unlock Reserved car
ACTORS: 
  Active User
PRECONDITION: 
  The Registered user has reserved a car, has logged in and is on the home page
EVENT FLOW:
  -	The user selects "Unlock car" functionality from the menu: he's prompted to the Unlock Reserved Car page
  -	He clicks the "Unlock" button and the car opens
POSTCONDITION: The car is open and the user can access it
EXCEPTION:
  -	The user has GPS sensor switched off: the system will ask him to switch it on before prompting him to the Unlock Reserved Car page
  -	The user is too far from the car: the button won't be clickable



SCENARIO
Singleton has reserved a car, and now stands in front of it. He notices that the car is damaged, so decides to report it.
He opens the application and navigates to the "Report damage" function. He fills in a form describing the kind of damage the car has, 
then sends it by clicking the "Submit" button.
NAME: 
  Damage Report
ACTORS: 
  Active user
PRECONDITION: 
  The user has reserved a car that has some damages, has logged in and is on the home page
EVENT FLOW:
  -	The user selects "Report Damage" functionality from the menu: he's prompted to the Report Damage page
  -	He fills in a form describing the kind of damage the car has
  -	He clicks the "Submit" button to send the report
POSTCONDITION: 
  The company receives the report and becomes aware of the damage.
EXCEPTION: 
  none

SCENARIO
An employee has to bring an abandoned car to a safe area. He reaches the car and opens it with the physical key given by the company.
He drives to a safe area, parks the car than access the application, navigates to the "Tag as available" function.
Here he enters the plate number of the car to access its status, and tags it as "Available".
NAME: 
  Manage a car
ACTORS: 
  Employee
PRECONDITION: 
  An undesired event occurred to one of the car. A manual setting of its state is needed. The employee has logged in with his credential and is on the home page.
EVENT FLOW:
  -	The employee selects the "Manage a car" function
  -	He enters the plate number of the desired car
  -	He's prompted to a page showing a summary of the car current state
  -	He clicks on "Edit" button and changes the car state
EXCEPTIONS:
  -	The inserted plate number cannot be found. The system asks the employee to insert it again

Stefano Boriero 05/11/2016 2:30h
